README.md, before:

# my-profolio
week 2 challenge 

User Story
AS AN employer
I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position
Acceptance Criteria
Here are the critical requirements necessary to develop a portfolio that satisfies a typical hiring manager's needs:

GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

cites
https://www.facebook.com/htmlcssprogramming/ first image 

https://www.1training.org/blog/html-css-javascript-web-development/ second image


https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Responsive_Design// @media screen and (min-width: 480px

https://css-tricks.com/targetblank/ all of the target blanks

Commit message:

added grading criteria to read me

README.md, after:

# my-profolio
week 2 challenge 

User Story
AS AN employer
I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position
Acceptance Criteria
Here are the critical requirements necessary to develop a portfolio that satisfies a typical hiring manager's needs:

GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport


This Challenge is graded based on the following criteria:

Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%
Satisfies all of the preceding acceptance criteria.
Deployment: 32%
Application deployed at live URL.

Application loads with no errors.

Application GitHub URL submitted.

GitHub repository contains application code.

Application Quality: 15%
Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions.
Repository Quality: 13%
Repository has a unique name.

Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

Repository contains a quality readme with description, screenshot, link to deployed applic



cites

https://www.facebook.com/htmlcssprogramming/ first image 

https://www.1training.org/blog/html-css-javascript-web-development/ second image


https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Responsive_Design// @media screen and (min-width: 480px

https://css-tricks.com/targetblank/ all of the target blanks
